the helpless
good morning Wow oh yes Chef Ramsay
absolute the reach at the office they
are deliberately attacking my restaurant
Wow they actually helpers every Yelp
lies they hurt and damaged restaurants
by doing this okay listen Kathy you were
a hundred percent convinced that those
negative reviews were part of a
conspiracy is there a plot against you
saw me out close this business no
question in my mind I don't there's
someone I'd like you to meet this lady
is the community manager for Yelp Katie
Burbank hi
now I know you're very frustrated but
they are all real we're all real all of
our reviews mean something it's feedback
for you to use however you'd like I'm
for you guys I am and I wanted to love
your burger so bad like I love burgers
and I didn't came in connecting spent
$26 on a amazing burger it wasn't
amazing I was expecting an explosion of
flavor hurt but I pretty much didn't
taste anything what I got in the burger
was an extremely unfavorable huge piece
of meat that had the consistency of a
nasty loaf of meat loaf I absolutely
detest what's served at your restaurant
I'm not like an avid Yelper in fact I
created the account just a comment on
your place because that burger was so
disappointing
in the end it was a big poo smear of a
horrible experience I too signed up for
Yelp just to write a review and it was
the one and only yelp review we have
ever read
interesting that customers are popes the
opening accounts to post a comment wrote
a review I received a response from you
that basically told me I didn't know
what I was talking about and it was
essentially my fault that I had a bad
review I wrote my review on Yelp only to
be met with sort of a barrage of emails
from you and you told me that you
thought we were good competition and you
told me that you thought we were out to
get you at one point you threatened to
turn us over to the hate crime division
of the LAPD
instead of saying sorry come back in I
will make it better it was kind of an
attack and to me it felt like maybe this
place is hopeless because they're not
taking the criticism like is this place
dude
I'm Jen am i keeping you up Donnie
he's like a blanket I was angry at my
mom for falling asleep I don't know what
she was trying to pull there we've been
here 10 minutes and I'd like you to look
good but to watch you sit there and
snore I think it's a higher bad manners
I was incredibly frustrated I thought
this is not gonna work
unbelievable I mean unbelievable their
customers no no no no no you've missing
my point completely this is what's
driving me nuts every single one of
these people here everyone you you know
this is ridiculous you have to stop
caring about yo he's trying to get you
out of this [ __ ] man you're missing the
point you are so obsessed with this
becoming five stars four stars
no it's an arbitrary number man you
concerned about this so much these
people are actually honest they told you
they have a [ __ ] excuse and I don't
[Music]
know enough
great and talk now especially away my
son blasted me Alan didn't blast you he
just told you that you're worrying about
the wrong things okay
there's someone I'd like you to meet the
owner and the executive chef of the
foundry on Melrose
all right sir I receive little insights
to how he deals with the out you know
one of the things that I think you
always have to be very careful of when
it comes to Yelp is you can't look at
these and take them as personal attacks
of it and try to adjust them but then
they it's not personal
it was personal they come up with up to
your baby you know I get one star
reviews I get five star reviews I get
the whole board you know even like my
grilled cheese sandwich nobody says that
sandwich around peopIe refused to say
it's the worst neighbors ever had now
what do I do
do I change the grilled cheese no but if
eighteen people tell me my burger is
underseasoned
eighteen of them are telling me that
there's got to be a problem and it's
worth looking at and like he said if
there's eighteen complaints about one
particular item trust me we've got it
wrong so we moved and we change course
we take Yelp as an advantage to
reposition ourselves and we listen to a
consensus that's what we do the only
thing I ever get wrong on is I don't
like unfairness I was focused on that
wrongly and I apologized look any review
that you get from somebody is feedback
and if you're to obsess about why
they're saying it not what they're
saying you're gonna find us on the Trump
Thank You Chef Ramsay maybe I'm obsessed
and I'm wrong I agree with you I'll
never ever speak about this again and I
appreciate it enormously because I hope
we can learn from this and improve
hopefully something got through to my
dad but he's stubborn
the guy has a gift of blissful ignorance
a gift we have to get back to the
Russians and we got a lot to do I trust
you're gonna give us one more game
burger kitchen and thank you view
patient this morning giving up your day
had to be
thank you very much
this is quite a show ladies and
gentlemen may I present